Centrifuge Chain and governance updates (#525)
centrifuge/documentation: docs/developer/centrifuge-chain/overview/index.md

---
id: overview
order: 1
title: Overview
contributors: <Cassidy Daly:cassidy@centrifuge.io>, <Dennis Wellmann:dennis@centrifuge.io>
redirect_from:
  - /build
  - /build/
  - /build/cent-chain
  - /build/cent-chain/
category: subpage
---

# Centrifuge Chain Overview

> Centrifuge Chain is our blockchain built with Rust and [Substrate](https://docs.substrate.io/), purpose built for real-world assets. Pools (and their assets, tranches, etc), [onchain governance](https://docs.centrifuge.io/use/governance-process/) and the Centrifuge treasury, and the CFG token live on Centrifuge Chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Centrifuge Chain is our blockchain built with Rust and the [Polkadot SDK](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk), purpose built for real-world assets. Pools (and their assets, tranches, etc), [onchain governance](https://docs.centrifuge.io/use/governance-process/) and the Centrifuge treasury, and the CFG token live on Centrifuge Chain.
```
